hi I'm Scott for expert village and
today I'm going to teach you how to make
her she's royal hot chocolate here are
some of the ingredients that we need in
order to make this delicious tree to
pieces of Hershey's milk chocolate a cup
of boiling water a cup of milk and a
teaspoon of vanilla extract now that we
have our ingredients we have to put our
saucepan to a medium heat setting so
they don't burn the chocolate when we
put it in now this recipe calls for
melting the chocolate first before
adding any of the other ingredients so
we'll take our milk chocolate now and
we'll put it in the pan now we have our
chocolate it in here and it's beginning
to melt we can add our next liquid
ingredients of course that would be the
whole cup of milk and a tablespoon of
vanilla now if it's more than this is a
miniature users wouldn't a spoon and the
stir your chocolate so it doesn't begin
to burn on the bottom of the pan even
though we have the low heat setting
you're just always the things is that a
milk-white also critical as well so we
have to make sure that we keep it moving
in all times with a great about this
recipe that is pretty much finished all
we have to do now is add some boiling
water after you add the water keep
stirring it until it seems like it's
mixed up pretty well once that's
complete go ahead and turn off the heat
on your oven and then it's done you just
need a couple put it in it so right now
I have physical ass right here we're
just going to take this finished product
we're going to be bored into the glass
what makes this royal is what's left at
the bottom of the pan you'll see that
there's some giant chocolate chunks
still here on the bottom little kid in
love chocolate so you just scrape those
off into the bottom of the cup with your
soon here and then when they get at the
bottom of their tub it's royal tree all
we need now to finish this off good
old-fashioned with a creamy just shake
it up put it in the center and there you
go those little kids are going to be
merry and field mice and if that's
simple to make a royal hot chocolate for
expert village I'm Scott